Auth: Add skip_org_role_sync for Okta (#62106)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/setup-grafana/configure-grafana/_index.md

| GitLab | false | true | User organization roles are set with `defaultRole`, and the organization role can be changed for GitLab synced users. |
| GitLab | true | true | User organization roles are set with `defaultRole` for GitLab. For other providers, the synchronization is skipped, and the org role can be changed, along with other OAuth provider users' org roles. |

### [auth.okta] skip_org_role_sync

> When a user logs in the first time, Grafana sets the organization role based on the value specified in `AutoAssignOrgRole`. If you want to manage organization roles, set the `skip_org_role_sync` option to `true`. Okta syncs organization roles and sets Grafana Admins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a user logs in the first time, Grafana sets the organization role based on the value specified in `AutoAssignOrgRole`. If you want to manage organization roles through Grafana's UI, set the `skip_org_role_sync` option to `true`.
```

Some explana

This also impacts `allow_assign_grafana_admin` setting, by not syncing the grafana admin role from GitLab.

> **Note:** There is a separate setting called `oauth_skip_org_role_update_sync` which has a different scope. While `skip_org_role_sync` only applies to the specific OAuth provider, `oauth_skip_org_role_update_sync` is a generic setting that affects all configured OAuth providers.

The following table shows the OAuth provider's setting with the default value and the skip org role sync setting.
| OAuth Provider | `oauth_skip_org_role_sync_update` | `skip_org_role_sync` | Behavior |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |

> | Okta | false | false | User organization roles are set with `defaultRole` and cannot be changed |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Okta | false | false | User organization roles are set with `defaultRole` and cannot be changed. |
```
